Form Data Restoration (#454)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/create-groups/restore-deleted-group.md

    
    ![Choose the group you want to restore, and then click the restore icon.](../media/85c1c45b-1847-4a55-9138-468dc5934125.png)
  

> 6. Choose refresh ![Refresh icon](../media/6464df90-2a91-4c1f-92a6-9a38c7696ac3.gif) to update the information on the page. Your group will show as Active. Any forms and forms data associated with group will also get restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose refresh ![Refresh icon](../media/6464df90-2a91-4c1f-92a6-9a38c7696ac3.gif) to update the information on the page. Your group will show as Active. Any forms and form data associated with your group will also be restored.
```
